Find the most frequent integer in an array
Find pairs in an integer array whose sum is equal to 10 (bonus: do it in linear time)
Given 2 integer arrays, determine of the 2nd array is a rotated version of the 1st array. Ex. Original Array A={1,2,3,5,6,7,8} Rotated Array B={5,6,7,8,1,2,3}
Write fibbonaci iteratively and recursively (bonus: use dynamic programming)
Find the only element in an array that only occurs once.
Find the common elements of 2 int arrays
Implement binary search of a sorted array of integers
Implement binary search in a rotated array (ex. {5,6,7,8,1,2,3})
Use dynamic programming to find the first X prime numbers
Write a function that prints out the binary form of an int
Implement parseInt
Implement squareroot function
Implement an exponent function (bonus: now try in log(n) time)
Write a multiply function that multiples 2 integers without using *
Given a function rand5() that returns a random int between 0 and 5, implement rand7()
Given a 2D array of 1s and 0s, count the number of "islands of 1s" (e.g. groups of connecting 1s)
Find the first non-repeated character in a String
Reverse a String iteratively and recursively
Determine if 2 Strings are anagrams
Check if String is a palindrome
Check if a String is composed of all unique characters
Determine if a String is an int or a double
Find the shortest palindrome in a String
Print all permutations of a String
Given a single-line text String and a maximum width value, write the function 'String justify(String text, int maxWidth)' that formats the input text using full-justification, i.e., extra spaces on each line are equally distributed between the words; the first word on each line is flushed left and  the last word on each line is flushed right
Implement a BST with insert and delete functions
Print a tree using BFS and DFS
Write a function that determines if a tree is a BST
Find the smallest element in a BST
Find the 2nd largest number in a BST
Given a binary tree which is a sum tree (child nodes add to parent), write an algorithm to determine whether the tree is a valid sum tree
Find the distance between 2 nodes in a BST and a normal binary tree
Print the coordinates of every node in a binary tree, where root is 0,0
Print a tree by levels
Given a binary tree which is a sum tree, write an algorithm to determine whether the tree is a valid sum tree
Given a tree, verify that it contains a subtree.
Find the max distance between 2 nodes in a BST.
Construct a BST given the pre-order and in-order traversal Strings
Stacks, Queues, and Heaps
Implement a stack with push and pop functions
Implement a queue with queue and dequeue functions
Find the minimum element in a stack in O(1) time
Write a function that sorts a stack (bonus: sort the stack in place without extra memory)
Implement a binary min heap. Turn it into a binary max heap
Implement a queue using 2 stacks
Implement a linked list (with insert and delete functions)
Find the Nth element in a linked list
Remove the Nth element of a linked list
Check if a linked list has cycles
Given a circular linked list, find the node at the beginning of the loop. Example: A-->B-->C --> D-->E -->C, C is the node that begins the loop
Check whether a link list is a palindrome
Reverse a linked list iteratively and recursively
Implement bubble sort
Implement selection sort
Implement insertion sort
Implement merge sort
Implement quick sort
A sub-array has one number of some continuous numbers. Given an integer array with positive numbers and negative numbers, get the maximum sum of all sub-arrays. Time complexity should be O(n). For example, in the array {1, -2, 3, 10, -4, 7, 2, -5}, its sub-array {3, 10, -4, 7, 2} has the maximum sum 18.
Given an unsorted array, find the max length of subsequence in which the numbers are in incremental order. For example: If the input array is {7, 2, 3, 1, 5, 8, 9, 6}, a subsequence with the most numbers in incremental order is {2, 3, 5, 8, 9} and the expected output is 5.
Implement a function which gets the edit distance of two input strings. There are three types of edit operations: insertion, deletion and substitution. Edit distance is the minimal number of edit operations to modify a string from one to the other.
Please implement a function which gets the minimal number of coins, whose value is v1, v2, …, vn, to make change for an amount of money with value t. Any coin with value vi may duplicate for any times to make change.
For example, the minimal number of coins to make change for 15 out of a set of coins with value 1, 3, 9, 10 is 3. We can choose two coins with value 3 and a coin with value 9. The number of coins for other choices should be greater than 3.
There are n houses built in a line, each of which contains some value in it. A thief is going to steal the maximal value in these houses, but he cannot steal in two adjacent houses because the owner of a stolen house will tell his two neighbors on the left and right side. What is the maximal stolen value?
Given a string, please get the length of the longest substring which does not have duplicated characters. Supposing all characters in the string are in the range from ‘a’ to ‘z’.
Given a rope with length n, how to cut the rope into m parts with length n[0], n[1], ...,n[m-1], in order to get the maximal product of n[0]*n[1]* ... *n[m-1]? We have to cut once at least. Additionally, the length of the whole length of the rope, as well as the length of each part, are in integer value.
A board has n*m cells, and there is a gift with some value (value is greater than 0) in every cell. You can get gifts starting from the top-left cell, and move right or down in each step, and finally reach the cell at the bottom-right cell. What’s the maximal value of gifts you can get from the board?
Get the Kth node from end of a linked list. It counts from 1 here, so the 1st node from end is the tail of list. 
Implement a function to reverse a linked list, and return the head of the reversed list.
How to check whether there is a loop in a linked list? If there is a loop in a linked list, how to get the entry node of the loop?
Nodes in a list represent a number. Please implement a function/method to add numbers in two lists, and store the sum into a new list.
Convert a binary search tree to a sorted double-linked list. We can only change the target of pointers, but cannot create any new nodes.
All nodes along children pointers from root to leaf nodes form a path in a binary tree. Given a binary tree and a number, please print out all of paths where the sum of all nodes value is same as the given number. 
Determine whether an input array is a post-order traversal sequence of a binary tree or not. If it is, return true; otherwise return false. Assume all numbers in an input array are unique.
How to verify whether a binary tree is a binary search tree?
Given a binary search tree and a value k, please find a node in the binary search tree whose value is closest to k. 
Given a binary search tree, please check whether there are two nodes in it whose sum equals a given value.
Reverse the order of words in a sentence, but keep words themselves unchanged. Words in a sentence are divided by blanks. For instance, the reversed output should be “student. a am I” when the input is “I am a student”.
Implement a function to find the first character in a string which only appears once. For example: It returns ‘b’ when the input is “abaccdeff”.
Left rotation of a string is to move some leading characters to its tail. Please implement a function to rotate a string. For example, if the input string is “abcdefg” and a number 2, the rotated result is “cdefgab”.
A string can be partitioned into some substrings, such that each substring is a palindrome. For example, there are a few strategies to split the string “abbab” into palindrome substrings, such as: “abba”|”b”, “a”|”b”|”bab” and “a”|”bb”|”a”|”b”.
Given a number, please translate it to a string, following the rules: 1 is translated to 'a', 2 to 'b', …, 12 to 'l', …, 26 to 'z'. For example, the number 12258 can be translated to "abbeh", "aveh", "abyh", "lbeh" and "lyh", so there are 5 different ways to translate 12258. How to write a function/method to count the different ways to translate a number?
Turning number is the maximum number in an array which increases and then decreases. This kind of array is also named unimodal array. Please write a function which gets the index of the turning number in such an array.  For example, the turning number in array {1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6} is 10, so its index 5 is the expected output.
Please implement a function which gets the intersection of two sorted arrays. Assuming numbers in each array are unique.
How to implement a function to check whether there is a path for a string in a matrix of characters? It moves to left, right, up and down in a matrix, and a cell for a movement. The path can start from any entry in a matrix. If a cell is occupied by a character of a string on the path, it cannot be occupied by another character again.
Given a matrix with 1s and 0s, please find the number of groups of 1s. A group is defined by horizontally or vertically adjacent 1s.
A board has n*m cells, and there is a gift with some value (value is greater than 0) in every cell. You can get gifts starting from the top-left cell, and move right or down in each step, and finally reach the cell at the bottom-right cell. What’s the maximal value of gifts you can get from the board?
Define a stack, in which we can get its minimum number with a function min. In this stack, the time complexity of min(), push() and pop() are all O(1).
Implement a queue with two stacks. Please implement two functions: appendTail to append an element into tail of a queue, and deleteHead to delete an element from head of a queue.
Given two integer sequences, one of which is the push sequence of a stack, please check whether the other sequence is a corresponding pop sequence or not. 
For example, if 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 is a push sequence, 4, 5, 3, 2, 1 is a corresponding pop sequence, but the sequence 4, 3, 5, 1, 2 is not.
Given an array of numbers and a sliding window size, how to get the maximal numbers in all sliding windows?
How can you implement n (n >= 2) stacks in a single array, where no stack overflows until no space left in the entire array space?
Turning number is the maximum number in an array which increases and then decreases. This kind of array is also named unimodal array. Please write a function which gets the index of the turning number in such an array.  For example, the turning number in array {1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6} is 10, so its index 5 is the expected output.
When some elements at the beginning of an array are moved to the end, it gets a rotation of the original array. Please implement a function to search a number in a rotation of an increasingly sorted array. Assume there are no duplicated numbers in the array. For example, array {3, 4, 5, 1, 2} is a rotation of array {1, 2, 3, 4, 5}. If the target number to be searched is 4, the index of the number 4 in the rotation 1 should be returned. If the target number to be searched is 6, -1 should be returned because the number does not exist in the rotated array.
Integers in an array are unique and increasingly sorted. Please write a function/method to find an integer from the array who equals to its index. For example, in the array {-3, -1, 1, 3, 5}, the number 3 equals its index 3.
How to implement a function to check whether there is a path for a string in a matrix of characters?  It moves to left, right, up and down in a matrix, and a cell for a movement. The path can start from any entry in a matrix. If a cell is occupied by a character of a string on the path, it cannot be occupied by another character again.
Given a matrix with 1s and 0s, please find the number of groups of 1s. A group is defined by horizontally or vertically adjacent 1s. 
Please implement a function to get the number of 1s in an integer. For example, the integer 9 is 1001 in binary, so it returns 2 since there are two bits of 1s.
In an array, all numbers appear three times except one which only appears only once. Please find the unique number.
Given a number n, please out put all numbers with n bits of 1 in increasing order. For example, if the input is 3, the output are numbers 7, 11, 13, …
Define a stack, in which we can get its minimum number with a function min. In this stack, the time complexity of min(), push() and pop() are all O(1).
A sub-array has one number of some continuous numbers. Given an integer array with positive numbers and negative numbers, get the maximum sum of all sub-arrays. Time complexity should be O(n).
Implement a function to find the first character in a string which only appears once. For example: It returns ‘b’ when the input is “abaccdeff”.
A pair contains two numbers, and its second number is on the right side of the first one in an array. The difference of a pair is the minus result while subtracting the second number from the first one. Please implement a function which gets the maximal difference of all pairs in an array. For example, the maximal difference in the array {2, 4, 1, 16, 7, 5, 11, 9} is 11, which is the minus result of pair (16, 5).
How to get the median from a stream of numbers at any time? The median is middle value of numbers. If the count of numbers is even, the median is defined as the average value of the two numbers in middle.
How to verify whether a binary tree is a binary search tree?
Given a matrix with 1s and 0s, please find the number of groups of 1s. A group is defined by horizontally or vertically adjacent 1s. For example, there are four groups of 1s in Figure 1 which are drawn with different colors.
Given an array of integers A, please find three indexes i, j, k, such that i<j<k and A[i]<A[j]<A[k].
A string can be partitioned into some substrings, such that each substring is a palindrome. For example, there are a few strategies to split the string “abbab” into palindrome substrings, such as: “abba”|”b”, “a”|”b”|”bab” and “a”|”bb”|”a”|”b”. 
Given a string str, please get the minimal numbers of splits to partition it into palindromes. The minimal number of splits to partition the string “abbab” into a set of palindromes is 1.
Given a binary search tree and a value k, please find a node in the binary search tree whose value is closest to k. 
Given a binary search tree, please check whether there are two nodes in it whose sum equals a given value.
When some elements at the beginning of an array are moved to the end, it gets a rotation of the original array. Please implement a function to search a number in a rotation of an increasingly sorted array. Assume there are no duplicated numbers in the array.
Please get the least number after deleting k digits from the input number. For example, if the input number is 24635, the least number is 23 after deleting 3 digits.
Given an array, please determine whether it contains three numbers whose sum equals to 0.
Given an array and a value, how to implement a function to remove all instances of that value in place and return the new length? The order of elements can be changed. It doesn't matter what you leave beyond the new length.
Given an array of numbers and a sliding window size, how to get the maximal numbers in all sliding windows?
How to implement a function to check whether there is a path for a string in a matrix of characters? It moves to left, right, up and down in a matrix, and a cell for a movement. The path can start from any entry in a matrix. If a cell is occupied by a character of a string on the path, it cannot be occupied by another character again
Numbers are serialized increasingly into a sequence in the format of 0123456789101112131415..., which each digit occupies a position in the sequence. For instance, the digit in the position 5 is 5, in the position 13 is 1, in the position 19 is 4, and so on.
How can you implement n (n > 2) stacks in a single array, where no stack overflows until no space left in the entire array space?
A string can be partitioned into some substrings, such that each substring is a palindrome. For example, there are a few strategies to split the string “abbab” into palindrome substrings, such as: “abba”|”b”, “a”|”b”|”bab” and “a”|”bb”|”a”|”b”.  Given a string str, please get the minimal numbers of splits to partition it into palindromes. The minimal number of splits to partition the string “abbab” into a set of palindromes is 1.
There are n houses built in a line, each of which contains some value in it. A thief is going to steal the maximal value in these houses, but he cannot steal in two adjacent houses because the owner of a stolen house will tell his two neighbors on the left and right side. What is the maximal stolen value?
When some elements at the beginning of an array are moved to the end, it gets a rotation of the original array. Please implement a function to search a number in a rotation of an increasingly sorted array. Assume there are no duplicated numbers in the array.
Convert a binary search tree to a sorted double-linked list. We can only change the target of pointers, but cannot create any new nodes.
Determine whether an input array is a post-order traversal sequence of a binary tree or not. If it is, return true; otherwise return false. Assume all numbers in an input array are unique.
Reverse the order of words in a sentence, but keep words themselves unchanged. Words in a sentence are divided by blanks. For instance, the reversed output should be “student. a am I” when the input is “I am a student”.
Get the Kth node from end of a linked list. It counts from 1 here, so the 1st node from end is the tail of list. 
Please print a binary tree from its top level to bottom level, and print nodes from left to right if they are in same level. 
Please implement a function which returns mirror of a binary tree.
Given an unsorted array, find the max length of subsequence in which the numbers are in incremental order.
Implement a function to reverse a linked list, and return the head of the reversed list.
Please implement a function to get the number of 1s in an integer. For example, the integer 9 is 1001 in binary, so it returns 2 since there are two bits of 1s.
How to check whether there is a loop in a linked list?
How do you get the depth of a binary tree? Nodes from the root to a leaf form a path. Depth of a binary tree is the maximum length of all paths.
Given a string, please get the length of the longest substring which does not have duplicated characters. Supposing all characters in the string are in the range from ‘a’ to ‘z’.